Clarifying installation instructions on README (#111)
TheJacksonLaboratory/ezomero: README.md

# Installation

> ezomero's dependencies are easily pip-installable from PyPI, except for `zeroc-ice==3.6.5`. For those, we recommend pip-installing using one of the [wheels](https://github.com/glencoesoftware/zeroc-ice-py-linux-x86_64/releases) provided by Glencoe Software (use the one compatible  with your OS/Python version - link provided is for Linux wheels).

Reviewer: Maybe this is a better link?
```suggestion
ezomero's dependencies are easily pip-installable from PyPI, except for `zeroc-ice==3.6.5`. For those, we recommend pip-installing using one of the [wheels](https://www.glencoesoftware.com/blog/2023/12/08/ice-binaries-for-omero.html) provided by Glencoe Software (use the one compatible  with your OS/Python version - link provided is for Linux wheels).
```
If someone wants to run on macOS or whatnot.

Author: oh dang I only saw this right after I merged it :/
